docs: update universal doc (#36005)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/prerendering.md

> # Pre-rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prerendering

Prerendering renders your application's pages as static pages. In addition, prerendered pages can work with and without JavaScript.

In server-side rendering, your application still makes reqeusts to load the data from backend. In prerendering the pages are created with static HTML contents.

<div class="alert is-helpful">

If you'd like to explore prerendering with Angular further, consider taking a look at [Scully](https://scully.io/).

</div>
```

Moving some content from later in this change to here. This way, the introduction provides a better explanation of what prerendering is. Revised some of the sentences to improve the flow.

As of Angular Universal version 9, you can now pre-render the static pages as part of the build using the guess parser.

> ## When to use prerendring
> 
> Prerendering is not for every SSR application, prerendering let's you prerender all the pages as static pages. Prerendered pages can work without Javascript as well. In SSR we still make request to load the data from backend, in prerendering the pages are created with static HTML contents, if you are intersted more in Prerendering with Angular,do take a look at [Scully](https://scully.io/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerendering a static page
```
Removed the paragraph (because I took the content at moved it to the previous section. Also, deleted the "Prerendering is not for every application" section, because we don't describe when *not* to use prerendering. :)

> To pre-render a static page, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prerender a static page, run the following command:
```

<code-example language="bash">
npm run prerender
</code-example>

> ### Build options for prerendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build options for prerendering

When you add prerendering to your application, the following build options are available:
```

Adding an introductory sentence to this list.

* routes: Define the array of routes to prerender
* guessRoutes: By default Angular uses guess parser to guess the routes and prerender the pages, by passing this option as `false` you can disable it.
* routesFile: If you have large number of routes list, this is the best option where you can mention all routes seperated by new line.

> ### Pre-rendering Dynamic Routes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerendering dynamic routes
```

> Prerendering dyanmic routes is possible for example for a route like `product/:id` where `id` is dynmically provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can prerender dynamic routes. An example of a dynamic route is `product/:id`, where `id` is dynamically provided.
```

> To achieve this you can choose one from below 2 options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prerender dynamic routes, you can choose one from the following options:

 + Provide additional routes
 + Provide all routes using a file
 + Prerender specific routes 
```

Headings aren't lists, so you can't precede them with a colon. Instead, create a bulleted list.

Also, words like "this" and "it" are very ambiguous. Readers understand concepts better when you're explicit, even if it seems repetitive!

#### Providing additonal routes

> While running the prerender command you can pass the values like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running the prerender command, you can provide additional routes. For example:
```

Here, I'm just modifying your sentence so it repeats the heading.

<code-example language="bash">
ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routes /product/1 --routes /product/2
</code-example>

#### Providing all routes via file

> Provide routes in a file to generate static pages if you have many more parameters, such as multiple records in a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide routes using a file to generate static pages. This method is useful if you have many more parameters, such as multiple records in a database.
```
Using "You" is often a more engaging way to help users. Also, I took this sentence and turned it into two shorter ones.

> To pass a `.txt` file with a list of IDs, use the `--routeFile` option with the `prerender` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide routes using a file, use the `--routeFile` with the name of the `.txt` file you want to use.
```
Editing for clarity.

> You can fetch list of IDs using Node.js, and create a `routes.txt` file with values such as the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create this file, you can fetch list of IDs using Node.js, and create a `routes.txt` file with values such as the following:
```
Optional: Move this sentence so it forms a paragraph with the preceding sentence.

/products/1
/products/555

> When your `.txt` file is ready, run the following command to pre-render the static files with dynamic values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your `.txt` file is ready, run the following command to prerender the static files with dynamic values:
```

<code-example language="bash">
ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routesFile routes.txt
</code-example>

#### Prerendering specific routes

> You can also pass specific routes to prerender make sure you disable the guessRoutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass specific routes to the prerender command. If you choose this option, make sure to disable the `guessRoutes` option.
```

> # Prerendering

Reviewer 2: Prerendering Static Pages

> As of Angular Universal version 9, you can now pre-render the static pages as part of the build using the guess parser.

Reviewer 3: > As of Angular Universal version 9, [...]

Since this guide will only appear on newer version of the docs, I don't think we need to mention that this feature is available from version 9.

> [...] pre-render the static pages [...]

IMO, saying that you _"pre-render the static pages"_ sounds a little confusing. (The pages are not static, they just have pre-rendered HTML :grin:)

> [...] using the guess parser.

If we mention the Guess parser here, we should include a link (because this is not a widely known tool).
But do we always have to use Guess? I thought that it was possible to use pre-rendering without Guess. If that's the case, we should make it clear to avoid confusion.

##
In addition, we should also mention that this assumes you have added SSR capabilities to your app and point users to the Universal guide (or list it as a prerequisite).

Reviewer 2: I was going to mention the same thing.

> As of Angular Universal version 9, you can now pre-render the static pages as part of the build using the guess parser.

Reviewer 2: I think we should start by explaining covering what is prerender.

## Prerendering a static page

To prerender a static page, run the following command:

> <code-example language="bash">

Reviewer 3: Nit: I think using `sh` as the language is preferable (since `bash` is unnecessarily specific):

```suggestion
<code-example language="sh">
```

npm run prerender
</code-example>

### Build options for prerendering

When you add prerendering to your application, the following build options are available:

> * routes: Define the array of routes to prerender

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `routes`: Define the array of routes to prerender.
```

Reviewer 2: Define an array of routes to prerender

> * routes: Define the array of routes to prerender

Reviewer 2: Can you kindly list the full set of options 

https://github.com/angular/universal/blob/master/modules/builders/src/prerender/schema.json

> * guessRoutes: By default Angular uses guess parser to guess the routes and prerender the pages, by passing this option as `false` you can disable it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `guessRoutes`: By default, Angular uses the Guess parser to guess the routes and prerender the pages. By passing this option as `false` you can disable it.
```

Reviewer 2: `guessRoutes`: Whether builder should extract routes and guess which paths to render. Defaults to `true`.

> * routesFile: If you have large number of routes list, this is the best option where you can mention all routes seperated by new line.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `routesFile`: Specify a file that contains a list of all routes to prerender, separated by newlines. This option is useful if you have a large number of routes.
```

### Prerendering dynamic routes

You can prerender dynamic routes. An example of a dynamic route is `product/:id`, where `id` is dynamically provided.

To prerender dynamic routes, you can choose one from the following options:

>  * Provide additional routes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * Provide additional routes in the command-line
```

 * Provide all routes using a file
 * Prerender specific routes 

> #### Providing additonal routes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Providing additional routes
```

While running the prerender command, you can provide additional routes. For example:

> <code-example language="bash">

Reviewer 3: Nit:

```suggestion
<code-example language="sh">
```

> ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routes /product/1 --routes /product/2

Reviewer 3: Wouldn't `--routes /product/1 /product/2` work? (I.e. without having to repeat `--routes` for every route.)

</code-example>

> #### Providing all routes via file

Reviewer 3: I believe @aikidave is not a big fun of using `via` in the docs :grin:

```suggestion
#### Providing all routes using a file
```

Reviewer 2: This is actually incorrect. When using the `routesFile` this is not exclusive, meaning that these routes will be merged with the once provided via the `routes` option and those which have been guessed.

> You can provide routes using a file to generate static pages. This method is useful if you have many more parameters, such as multiple records in a database.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can provide routes using a file to generate static pages. This method is useful if you have many different values, such as multiple records in a database.
```

> To provide routes using a file, use the `--routeFile` with the name of the `.txt` file you want to use.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To provide routes using a file, use the `--routeFile` option with the name of a `.txt` file containing the routes.
```

BTW, does it have to be a `.txt` file? Does the extension make a difference?

Reviewer 2: `routeFile` -> `--route-file`

> To create this file, you can fetch list of IDs using Node.js, and create a `routes.txt` file with values such as the following:

Reviewer 3: I think we can keep this more generic. (For example, it is not necessary to use Node.js to extract the IDs.)
How about something like:

```suggestion
For example, you could generate this file by using a script to extract IDs from a database and save them to a `routes.txt` file:
```

> /products/1
> /products/555

Reviewer 3: Why not:

```suggestion
<code-example>
  /products/1
  /products/555
</code-example>
```

When your `.txt` file is ready, run the following command to prerender the static files with dynamic values:

> <code-example language="bash">

Reviewer 3: Nit:

```suggestion
<code-example language="sh">
```

> ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routesFile routes.txt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routes-file routes.txt
```

</code-example>

#### Prerendering specific routes

You can also pass specific routes to the prerender command. If you choose this option, make sure to disable the `guessRoutes` option.

> <code-example language="bash">

Reviewer 3: Nit:

```suggestion
<code-example language="sh">
```

> ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routes=product guessRoutes=false

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ng run &lt;app-name&gt;:prerender --routes=product --guessRoutes=false
```

Also, I don't get how this helps with prerendering dynamic routes. Which routes would be prerendered with this command?

Reviewer 2: Avoid documenting camel case arguments as these are deprecated. Also, where possible use negation instead of boolean values. 

`--guessRoutes=false` -> `--no-guess-routes`
